# ğŸ“‹Scrum 07 Meeting Minutes

**Date:** September 25, 2025  
**Time:** 20:37 â€“ 20:44  
**Location:** Online (Discord)  

---

## ğŸ‘¥ Attendees
- Given  
- Kutlwano  
- Molemo  
- Ntobeko  

**Absentees:**  
- Ntando  

---

## ğŸ“ Agenda & Discussion Points

### What the team has been busy with
1. **Given**  
   - Updated the documentation site.  
   - Updated testing documentation.  
   - Performed more manual testing.  

2. **Molemo**  
   - No contributions since the last meeting.  

3. **Ntobeko**  
   - Worked on making pages responsive on smaller devices.  

4. **Kutlwano**  
   - Ensured past events do not show up.  
   - Worked on implementing vendor functionality.  

---

### What needs to be done
1. Implement other groupsâ€™ APIs.  
2. Continue resolving GitHub Issues.  
3. Prepare individual project reports.  
4. Acquire stakeholder reviews.  

---

## ğŸ‘¤ Action Items
- **Molemo** â†’ Focus on integrating the other groupâ€™s API.  
- **Kutlwano** â†’ Continue implementing vendor and venue functionality.  
- **Given** â†’ Test new features, open Issues, and update user stories.  
- **Ntobeko** â†’ Continue improving page responsiveness for smaller devices.  

---

## ğŸ“… Next Meeting
- **Date:** September 28, 2025  
- **Time:** TBD  
- **Location:** Online (Discord)  
