# 📋 Codexa: Scrum 04 Meeting Minutes

**Date:** September 18, 2025  
**Time:** 20:32 – 20:54  
**Location:** Online (Discord)  

---

## 👥 Attendees
- Given  
- Kutlwano  
- Molemo  
- Ntando  
- Ntobeko  

**Absentees:** None  

---

## 📝 Agenda & Discussion Points

### What the team has been busy with
1. **Given**  
   - Had limited contributions due to other commitments.  
   - Sent out the new Google Form.  
   - Completed the Sprint 3 Development Plan.  
   - Completed documentation on team methodology.  

2. **Molemo**  
   - Focused on testing backend and API parts of the app.  
   - Sent API documentation to two groups (awaiting response).  

3. **Ntobeko**  
   - Fixed bugs listed in GitHub issues.  

4. **Ntando**  
   - Tested components and pages of the web app.  

5. **Kutlwano**  
   - Figured out use of block storage.  
   - Working on making block storage functional in the app (file management branch).  

---

### What needs to be done
1. Implement other groups’ APIs.  
2. Get storage functionality working.  
3. Provide documentation on testing.  
4. Prepare individual project reports.  

---

## 👤 Action Items
- **Given** → Ask Claire about user stories and documentation site (stakeholder reviews); perform more manual testing.  
- **Molemo** → Document his testing and await responses from other groups about API.  
- **Kutlwano** → Continue work on storage functionality.  
- **Ntando** → Continue testing and resolve merge conflicts for the PR.  

---

## ⚙️ Implementation Details
- Event planner must confirm vendor availability manually.  
- Current application does **not** block event planners from selecting vendors who may already be booked.  

---

## 📅 Next Meeting
- **Date:** September 21, 2025  
- **Time:** TBD  
- **Location:** Online (Discord)  
