# 📋 Codexa: Scrum 01 Meeting Minutes

**Date:** September 07, 2025  
**Time:** 20:33 – 20:45  
**Location:** Online (Discord)  

---

## 👥 Attendees
- Given  
- Molemo  
- Ntobeko  

**Absentees:**  
- Kutlwano  
- Ntando  

---

## 📝 Agenda & Discussion Points

### What the team has been busy with
1. **Given**  
   - Updated project backlog on Trello.  
   - Added minutes onto the documentation site.  
   - Updated Trello cards and assignments.  
   - Waiting for updates from testing team; emphasized tracking testing documentation (especially after Sprint 2 marking).  

2. **Molemo**  
   - Has not contributed much due to catching up with other school work.  

3. **Ntobeko**  
   - Adjusted UI for small screens.  
   - Implemented a Dropbox feature.  
   - Wanted to discuss file management with Kutlwano (absent).  

### What needs to be done
1. A newer Google Form should be created (to capture feedback on new features).  
2. Methodology justification needs to be documented.  
3. Deliberation required on **how documents will be stored**.  
4. More documentation on testing is needed.  

---

## 👤 Action Items
- **Given** → Recreate the Google Form, justify methodology, and await testers’ documentation.  
- **Molemo** → Share the API with other groups and test the application.  
- **Ntobeko** → Contact Kutlwano to discuss file management in the application.  

---

## 📅 Next Meeting
- **Date:** September 09, 2025  
- **Time:** TBD  
- **Location:** Online (Discord)  
