# ğŸ“‹Scrum 06 Meeting Minutes

**Date:** September 23, 2025  
**Time:** 20:40 â€“ 20:47  
**Location:** Online (Discord)  

---

## ğŸ‘¥ Attendees
- Kutlwano  
- Molemo  
- Ntando  
- Ntobeko  

**Absentees:**  
- Given  

---

## ğŸ“ Agenda & Discussion Points

### What the team has been busy with
1. **Given**  
   - Kept the site up to date.  
   - Awaiting communication from testers.  

2. **Molemo**  
   - Finished documenting the backend testing.  

3. **Ntando**  
   - Continued with testing.  
   - Completed her documentation on testing.  

4. **Kutlwano**  
   - Fixed bugs, particularly events showing after they had already passed.  

---

### What needs to be done
1. Implement other groupsâ€™ APIs.  
2. Continue working on GitHub Issues.  
3. Prepare individual project reports.  

---

## ğŸ‘¤ Action Items
- **Molemo** â†’ Integrate other groupâ€™s API and fix bugs listed on GitHub Issues and Trello.  
- **Kutlwano** â†’ Ensure past events do not show on the calendar/events page; implement vendors and venues functionality.  
- **Ntando** â†’ Continue with testing, with a focus on end-to-end tests.  
- **Ntobeko** â†’ Improve application navigation on smaller devices.  

---

## ğŸ“… Next Meeting
- **Date:** September 25, 2025  
- **Time:** TBD  
- **Location:** Online (Discord)  
